Child research participants will be recruited from several sources as well:* Children will be recruited using an online data collection platform via the Lookit website, lookit.mit.edu. Lookit facilitates online research with infants and children, allowing researchers to create and post studies on the Lookit website (https://lookit.mit.edu). Families participate in these studies from a home computer, with webcam video of their responses sent to the lab for later analysis. Families who participate through Lookit will have already made an account and be familiarized with the general policies of Lookit prior to participation. In order to obtain consent for the participation of parents and their children in a particular study, the parent/guardian will be required to read out loud a statement of consent before beginning the experiment. The audio & video recording of this statement will be stored as a record of consent to participate. Subjects will be recruited to participate on Lookit through the same general procedures as our recruitment efforts at other locations. In addition, current Lookit users (families with an account) receive automated emails announcing new studies that their children are eligible for (either when a new study is posted, or when their child enters the age range). These emails give a brief description of the study, provided by the responsible researcher, and a link to learn more. Users only receive these emails if they have chosen to receive announcements of new studies, and can change their email preferences at any time. All automated emails contain a link to change email preferences/unsubscribe.## Waivers of written assent/consentWe are requesting a waiver of written documentation of the informed consent process for four sets of circumstances. The text used in all of these circumstances is attached with the informed consent documents.Lookit – Research on the Lookit platform is conducted solely online, in participants’ homes, so collecting the parent or guardian’s signature on paper is impractical and would impose substantially greater demands on participants. We feel that a videorecorded verbal statement of consent is stronger evidence of informed consent than a written or electronic signature. First, it demonstrates more clearly the participant’s ability to understand written English (whereas following the instructions to complete an electronic signature or type one’s name could be done with less understanding of the process), and second, it demonstrates the parent’s understanding that the study is being videotaped via webcam. For participants on Lookit, we display a consent form to parents on a consent screen at the start of any study. On the right-hand side of the screen the live webcam view is displayed, and parents are instructed to press “record,” read a statement out loud, and then submit.  ## Costs and remunerationIn some cases, families who participate through the Lookit website will be emailed an Amazon gift card ($2-$5) to thank them for their time. If this compensation is being offered, it will be explicitly stated in the study description on the Lookit website.## Additional information on the Lookit informed consent processBefore viewing video collected during a study session, we will check for an associated consent recording that demonstrates informed consent. If the parent’s verbal statement of consent is audible, appropriate study measures will then be coded. If a technical issue (e.g. lack of audio recording) prevented collection of informed consent, and the parent has set communication preferences to allow researchers to email with questions about their participation, consent may instead be confirmed by contacting the email address on file for the account and receiving back a reply that contains the statement “Yes, I am this child's parent or legal guardian and we both agreed to participate in this study.” Unless consent is confirmed, no other video associated with this study session will be viewed, and no other data from the session will be used in study-specific analysis, although the number of such records and aggregate data about the associated accounts (e.g., how many unique children, how many were in the age range) may be reported.## Data storage on LookitBecause the Lookit platform is administered by MIT, the procedures for data storage are slightly different. Our usage of the Lookit platform is subject to the Lookit Usage Agreement (attached), which is submitted to MIT and governs acceptable uses of the platform and data collected by our lab and by MIT. The main difference is that researchers at MIT who maintain the Lookit platform will also have access to the data we collect, and may use it to monitor and improve the platform. For instance, data may be used to detect and fix technical problems or identify new features that would be helpful; provide support to study researchers; assess data quality; develop tools for data analysis; evaluate the site’s success in reaching a diverse population; and characterize family engagement.The second major difference is that data are collected on Lookit in the form of video recordings (including audio) collected via participants’ webcams during studies. Video data will be streamed to the Lookit server during the experiment but will not be viewed until we have confirmed consent to participate, as described above. Video filenames include the unique ID of the study, the name of the study frame during which the video was collected, the unique child ID, a timestamp, and a random suffix. Researchers may share video data only in accordance with the parent’s privacy selections at the conclusion of the study. Researchers may share video and other data on Databrary in accordance with parent privacy selections. As per the Lookit access agreement, MIT may also retain an independent copy of all of the above data. We access the Lookit experimenter interface to download data by authenticating using their Open Science Framework (OSF) account. Authentication is based on OSF access tokens of individual researchers. All downloads occur over a secure https connection, and all video data is encrypted at rest on the storage platform maintained by MIT. We download individual study videos via the experimenter interface, or download a collection of videos. When a collection of video is requested for download, the video is collected into a .zip archive, and once ready, a unique download link is emailed to us. This long unique link essentially acts as a password to access the archive. The link expires after 30 minutes, so that any later security breach does not compromise the video archive. If consent for a session cannot be confirmed, if video is withdrawn at the conclusion of a session, or if a child participant is at least eight years of age, we will delete without viewing any other associated session video we have downloaded. As this determination occurs after the collection of the video data, and based on judgments from the individual researchers, such video data may not be deleted from Lookit storage.In accordance with the Lookit Usage Agreement, researchers using Lookit:* May not publish, or conduct research on, child or account names, email addresses, or mailing addresses. Child names must be censored from written comments from parents if published. Parent and child nicknames are used only for communication with the family.* May not publish child birthdates or information that would allow calculation of child birthdates (i.e., exact age plus date of participation).* May not publish any of the unique IDs used on Lookit for account, child, or demographic data, as these are shared across the site and would potentially allow a reader to connect children across multiple published studies.* May not publish demographic data from individuals in a way that would allow a reader to link demographic data to session videos.* May not use video or other data in order to link outside information available about a specific participant to the child or session, unless they have specific IRB approval to do so. Any planned integration of outside data must be reported to Lookit for review at the time the study is submitted. Researchers may share video data only in accordance with the parent’s privacy selections at the conclusion of the study. At the conclusion of each study, parents choose one of three privacy options:* Private: Video may only be viewed by authorized scientists.* Scientific and educational: Video may be shared for scientific or educational purposes by any of the authorized scientists described above. For example, we might show a video clip in a talk at a scientific conference or an undergraduate class about cognitive development, or include an image or video in a scientific paper. In some circumstances, video or images may be available online, for instance as supplemental material in a scientific paper.* Publicity: Please select this option if you'd be excited about seeing your child featured on the Lookit website or in a news article about this study! Your video may be shared for publicity as well as scientific and educational purposes; it will never be used for commercial purposes. Video clips shared may be available online to the general public.   Private use of video and not sharing with Databrary will be assumed in the event that technical difficulties prevent a parent from selecting from these three options at the conclusion of the study.