Legal/Lookit consent form template 1.md, before:

The researcher running an individual study supplies the text in brackets, to be substituted into a standard template. At the top of the form is a link to download a copy of the form.

# Consent to participate in non-biomedical research: [Study name]

Study researchers led by [PI] at [Institution] are running this study, [Study name], on Lookit. 

## Purpose

[Brief description of purpose of study]

## Procedures

This study takes about [duration] to complete. [Brief description of study procedures, including any risks or a statement that there are no anticipated risks]

## Participation

You and your child are free to choose whether to be in this study. If you and your child choose to participate, it's okay to stop at any point during the session. Please do pause or stop the session if your child becomes very fussy or does not want to participate! If this is a study with multiple sessions, it's okay not to complete all the sessions.

## Payment

[Statement about payment, including a statement that there are no additional benefits anticipated to the participant]

## Data collection and webcam recording

During the session, you and your child will be recorded via your computer's webcam and microphone. Video recordings and other data you enter are sent securely to our lab. At the end of the session, you will be prompted to choose a privacy level for your webcam recordings. You will have the option to withdraw your video data at this point. 
Data is stored securely on Lookit servers and by researchers. However, there is always a small risk that data transmitted over the internet may be intercepted or that the security of stored data may be compromised.
No video clips will be published or shared unless you allow this when selecting a privacy level. If we do not receive a consent recording (the video you'll make to the right) for this session and cannot verify that you agreed to participate, no other video from your session will be viewed.

## Use of data by study researchers

The research group led by [PI] at [Institution] will have access to video and other data collected during this session. We will also have access to your account profile, demographic survey, and the child profile for the child who is participating, including changes you make in the future to any of this information. We may study your child's responses in connection with his or her previous responses to this or other studies run by our group, siblings' responses to this or other studies run by our group, or demographic survey responses.
[Study-specific data use statement if applicable]

## Use of data by Lookit 

Because this study is being run on the Lookit platform, researchers working on the Lookit project at MIT will also have access to the data collected during this session, in addition to your account data, child profiles, and demographic survey responses. This data may be used by Lookit to detect and fix technical problems or identify new features that would be helpful; provide support to study researchers; assess data quality (for instance, how well an observer can tell which direction children are looking); evaluate the site's success in reaching a diverse population; and characterize family engagement (for instance, looking at what aspects of a study make parents more interested in coming back later).

## Publication of results

The results of the research may be presented at scientific meetings or published in scientific journals. Raw data (for instance, looking times to the left and right of the screen) may be published when it cannot identify children. We never publish children's birthdates or names, and we never publish your demographic data in conjunction with your child's video.

## Researcher contact information

This study is run by [PI] at [Institution]. If you or your child have any questions or concerns about this study, or in the very unlikely event of a research-related injury, please contact [Contact information for PI]. 
If you or your child have any questions or concerns about the Lookit platform, please contact Kim Scott at kimscott@mit.edu or 617 324 4859.

---

To participate, please make your consent recording by pressing "record" and then reading the statement below out loud:
"I have read and understand the consent document. I am this child's parent or legal guardian and we both agree to participate in this study."

Commit message:

Update Lookit consent form template 1.md
Clarify which parameters from the consent frame are used where (no changes to actual template!)

Legal/Lookit consent form template 1.md, after:

The researcher running an individual study supplies the text in brackets, to be substituted into a standard template. At the top of the form is a link to download a copy of the form. The fields starting `study.` are taken directly from the study definition, rather than being defined in the consent frame.

# Consent to participate in non-biomedical research: [`study.name`]

Researchers led by [`PIName`] at [`institution`] are running this study, "[`study.name`]," on Lookit.

## Purpose

[`purpose`: brief description of purpose of study]

## Procedures

This study takes about [`study.duration`] to complete. [`procedures`: brief description of study procedures, including any risks or a statement that there are no anticipated risks]

## Participation

You and your child are free to choose whether to be in this study. If you and your child choose to participate, it's okay to stop at any point during the session. Please do pause or stop the session if your child becomes very fussy or does not want to participate! If this is a study with multiple sessions, it's okay not to complete all the sessions.

## Payment

[`payment`: statement about payment, including a statement that there are no additional benefits anticipated to the participant]

## Data collection and webcam recording

During the session, you and your child will be recorded via your computer's webcam and microphone. Video recordings and other data you enter are sent securely to our lab. At the end of the session, you will be prompted to choose a privacy level for your webcam recordings. You will have the option to withdraw your video data at this point. 

Data is stored securely on Lookit servers and by researchers. However, there is always a small risk that data transmitted over the internet may be intercepted or that the security of stored data may be compromised.

No video clips will be published or shared unless you allow this when selecting a privacy level. If we do not receive a consent recording (the video you'll make to the right) for this session and cannot verify that you agreed to participate, no other video from your session will be viewed.

## Use of data by study researchers

The research group led by [`PIName`] at [`institution`] will have access to video and other data collected during this session. We will also have access to your account profile, demographic survey, and the child profile for the child who is participating, including changes you make in the future to any of this information. We may study your child's responses in connection with his or her previous responses to this or other studies run by our group, siblings' responses to this or other studies run by our group, or demographic survey responses.

[`datause`: study-specific data use statement if applicable]

## Use of data by Lookit 

Because this study is being run on the Lookit platform, researchers working on the Lookit project at MIT will also have access to the data collected during this session, in addition to your account data, child profiles, and demographic survey responses. This data may be used by Lookit to detect and fix technical problems or identify new features that would be helpful; provide support to study researchers; assess data quality (for instance, how well an observer can tell which direction children are looking); evaluate the site's success in reaching a diverse population; and characterize family engagement (for instance, looking at what aspects of a study make parents more interested in coming back later).

## Publication of results

The results of the research may be presented at scientific meetings or published in scientific journals. Raw data (for instance, looking times to the left and right of the screen) may be published when it cannot identify children. We never publish children's birthdates or names, and we never publish your demographic data in conjunction with your child's video.

## [Any additional segments here]

if `additional_segments` is provided, each element of that list will be included under its own heading here.

## Researcher contact information

This study is run by [`PIName`] at [`institution`]. If you or your child have any questions or concerns about this study, or in the very unlikely event of a research-related injury, please contact [`PIContact`]. 

If you or your child have any questions or concerns about the Lookit platform, please contact Kim Scott at kimscott@mit.edu or 617 324 4859.

---

To participate, please make your consent recording by pressing "record" and then reading the statement below out loud:
"I have read and understand the consent document. I am this child's parent or legal guardian and we both agree to participate in this study."
